then the inhabitants of Jerusalem made a
then the inhabitants of Jerusalem made a huzzah his youngest son King in his
huzzah his youngest son King in his
huzzah his youngest son King in his place for the Raiders who came with the
place for the Raiders who came with the
place for the Raiders who came with the Arabians into the camp had killed all
Arabians into the camp had killed all
Arabians into the camp had killed all the older sons so a has iya the son of
the older sons so a has iya the son of
the older sons so a has iya the son of jihad on king of Judah reigned a desire
jihad on king of Judah reigned a desire
jihad on king of Judah reigned a desire was 42 years old when he became King and
was 42 years old when he became King and
was 42 years old when he became King and he reigned one year in Jerusalem his
he reigned one year in Jerusalem his
he reigned one year in Jerusalem his mother's name was Ethel aya the grand
mother's name was Ethel aya the grand
mother's name was Ethel aya the grand daughter of Amran he also walked in the
daughter of Amran he also walked in the
daughter of Amran he also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab for his mother
ways of the house of Ahab for his mother
ways of the house of Ahab for his mother advised him to do wickedly therefore he
advised him to do wickedly therefore he
advised him to do wickedly therefore he did evil in the sight of the Lord like
did evil in the sight of the Lord like
did evil in the sight of the Lord like the house of Ahab for they were his
the house of Ahab for they were his
the house of Ahab for they were his counselors after the death of his father
counselors after the death of his father
counselors after the death of his father to his destruction he also followed
to his destruction he also followed
to his destruction he also followed their advice and went with jihad on the
their advice and went with jihad on the
their advice and went with jihad on the son of Ahab king of Israel to war
son of Ahab king of Israel to war
son of Ahab king of Israel to war against has al king of syria at ramoth
against has al king of syria at ramoth
against has al king of syria at ramoth gilead and the syrians wounded children
gilead and the syrians wounded children
gilead and the syrians wounded children then he returned to Jezreel to recover
then he returned to Jezreel to recover
then he returned to Jezreel to recover from the wounds which he had received a
from the wounds which he had received a
from the wounds which he had received a tremor when he fought against has al
tremor when he fought against has al
tremor when he fought against has al king of syria and Azariah the son of
king of syria and Azariah the son of
king of syria and Azariah the son of jihad on king of judah went down to see
jihad on king of judah went down to see
jihad on king of judah went down to see Jahoda the son of a ha in Jezreel
Jahoda the son of a ha in Jezreel
Jahoda the son of a ha in Jezreel because he was sick his going to Jordan
because he was sick his going to Jordan
because he was sick his going to Jordan was God's occasion for a his ayahs
was God's occasion for a his ayahs
was God's occasion for a his ayahs downfall for when he arrived he went out
downfall for when he arrived he went out
downfall for when he arrived he went out with jihad on against G Hugh the son of
with jihad on against G Hugh the son of
with jihad on against G Hugh the son of nimshi whom the Lord had anointed to cut
nimshi whom the Lord had anointed to cut
nimshi whom the Lord had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab and it happened
off the house of Ahab and it happened
off the house of Ahab and it happened when G Hugh was executing judgment on
when G Hugh was executing judgment on
when G Hugh was executing judgment on the house of Ahab and found the princes
the house of Ahab and found the princes
the house of Ahab and found the princes of Judah and the sons of Ahaz iers
of Judah and the sons of Ahaz iers
of Judah and the sons of Ahaz iers brothers who served a has ire that he
brothers who served a has ire that he
brothers who served a has ire that he killed
killed
killed then he searched for a desire and they
then he searched for a desire and they
then he searched for a desire and they caught him he was hiding in Samaria and
caught him he was hiding in Samaria and
caught him he was hiding in Samaria and brought him to G hue when they had
brought him to G hue when they had
brought him to G hue when they had killed him they buried him because he is
killed him they buried him because he is
killed him they buried him because he is the son of Jehoshaphat who sought the
the son of Jehoshaphat who sought the
the son of Jehoshaphat who sought the Lord with all his heart so the house of
Lord with all his heart so the house of
Lord with all his heart so the house of a has ire had no one to assume power
a has ire had no one to assume power
a has ire had no one to assume power over the kingdom now when Ethel Iyer
over the kingdom now when Ethel Iyer
over the kingdom now when Ethel Iyer the mother of Ahaz I saw that her son
the mother of Ahaz I saw that her son
the mother of Ahaz I saw that her son was dead she arose and destroyed all the
was dead she arose and destroyed all the
was dead she arose and destroyed all the royal heirs of the house of Judah but G
royal heirs of the house of Judah but G
royal heirs of the house of Judah but G ho shabath the daughter of the king took
ho shabath the daughter of the king took
ho shabath the daughter of the king took joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him
joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him
joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him away from among the king's sons who are
away from among the king's sons who are
away from among the king's sons who are being murdered and put him and his nurse
being murdered and put him and his nurse
being murdered and put him and his nurse in a bedroom so G ho shabath the
in a bedroom so G ho shabath the
in a bedroom so G ho shabath the daughter of king jihad on the wife of
daughter of king jihad on the wife of
daughter of king jihad on the wife of jehoiada the priest for she was the
jehoiada the priest for she was the
jehoiada the priest for she was the sister of a Hosea hid him from Ethel
sister of a Hosea hid him from Ethel
sister of a Hosea hid him from Ethel ayah so that she did not kill him and he
ayah so that she did not kill him and he
ayah so that she did not kill him and he was hidden with him in the house of God
was hidden with him in the house of God
was hidden with him in the house of God for six years while a a liar reigned
for six years while a a liar reigned
for six years while a a liar reigned over the land
over the land
over the land you